bootpc,68,tcp&udp,Bootstrap Protocol Client
bootps,67,tcp&udp,Bootstrap Protocol Server
domain,53,tcp&udp,Domain Name Server
echo,7,tcp&udp,Echo
ftp,21,tcp&udp,File Transfer Control
ftp-data,20,tcp&udp,File Control Data
http,80,tcp,Hypertext Transfer Protocol
https,443,tcp,secure HTTP
imap,143,tcp,Interactive Mail Access Protocol
imap3,220,tcp,Interactive Mail Access Protocol v3
imaps,993,tcp,secure IMAP
ipfire-https,444,tcp,IPFire HTTPS
ipfire-ssh,222,tcp&udp,IPFire SSH
irc,194,tcp&udp,Internet Relay Chat
ircd,6667,tcp&udp,Internet Relay Chat
microsoft-ds,445,tcp&udp,Netbios Filesharing
nameserver,42,tcp&udp,Host Name Server
netbios-dgm,138,tcp&udp,NETBIOS Datagram Service
netbios-ns,137,tcp&udp,NETBIOS Name Server
netbios-ssn,139,tcp&udp,NETBIOS Session Service
nfs,2049,tcp&udp,Network File System
ntp,123,udp,Network Time Protocol
pop3,110,tcp,POP3 Email
pop3s,995,tcp,secure POP3 Email
sftp,115,tcp&udp,secure File Transfer Protocol
smtp,25,tcp,Simple Mail Transfer Protocol
smtps,465,tcp,secure Simple Mail Transfer Protocol
snmp,161,tcp&udp,Simple Network Management
snmptrap,162,udp,SNMP Trap
ssh,22,tcp&udp,SSH
telnet,23,tcp&udp,Telnet
tftp,69,tcp&udp,Trivial File Transfer
time,37,tcp&udp,Time
wins,1512,tcp&udp,Windows Internet Name Service
